Remove Meter.RecordBatch functionality, not specified in the specs (#2449)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ### Changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Removed
```

Author: Done.

> - Remove Meter.RecordBatch functionality, not specified in the specs (#2449)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove Meter.RecordBatch functionality, not specified in the OpenTelemetry specification. (#2449)
```

Author: Done.
